(bright mysterious music)
[Mirai] That day,
while I was down
in the basement archives,
I came across a
confidential document.
It was purely by chance.
It read Mission Report
[Shikamaru] 1-1,365.
By Shikamaru Nara Regarding
the death of Asuma Sarutobi.
The shinobi named Hidan is
a unique, immortal being.
(blood whooshing)
After acquiring the
blood of his target,
he creates a link
with that victim.
Any damage he sustains is
transferred to his target.
While under Hidan's Curse Jutsu,
Asuma Sarutobi perished
in the line of duty.
-(Mirai gasps)
-(somber music)
(mysterious music)
Is that you, Dad?
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(mysterious music)
But where's my mom?
I could've sworn that
I just heard her voice!
Hey, Miss Mirai?
Mm-hmm.
So, did you hear it?
The voice of your loved
one calling out your name?
-(gentle music)
-(water whooshing)
That is sacred water.
It's to purify yourselves, but
don't drink till I tell you.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
You'll all be seeing your
loved ones very soon.
So if I drink this
then I'll see my dad?
Yes, that's right, Mirai.
Now, when I give the signal,
all of you drink it together.
Tell me, Tatsumi, what
are you going to do
when you see your mom?
I'll say I'm sorry.
And then I want to go to
her and hold her hand.
That wish, and the others,
will be granted soon.
[Mirai] You know,
when I see my dad,
I want him to teach
me how to play shogi.
Mirai, don't make everyone
else have to wait.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just
a little bit anxious.
I wonder, what if my dad
doesn't even recognize me?
After all, I've never
actually met him before.
Listen, there's something
I haven't told you.
(Mirai gasps)
I possess the ability
to go back and forth
between this world and the next.
I've actually met Asuma before
while I was in the other world.
What? Is that true?
He's wanted to meet you
for quite a long time now.
Oh, that reminds me.
About my name, apparently, I
was named after Mirai Toki,
a shogi genius that
my dad admired.
Although to be frank,
I'm no good at shogi.
Mirai Toki, huh?
Yes, Asuma's often
mentioned that name to me.
(Mirai giggling)
Mirai?
Right, now I know you're lying.
There's no such
person as Mirai Toki,
which means being named
after them was a lie.
Mirai!
You're a liar too!
And you'll rot in hell
for what you've done!
What do you mean?
Are you trying to
defile the ceremony?
(girls gasping)
Just ignore her.
Quickly! Drink the sacred water!
Sorry, you're gonna
feel a little shock.
(electricity crackling)
(girls gasping)
-Wait, why am I?
-What is going on?
My head hurts!
Just stay calm! It's all
from the hypnotic vapor.
-(girl gasping)
-(weapon clanging)
Don't move, Mirai!
(girls gasping)
So you already knew
about the vapor?
Don't underestimate a shinobi.
[Ryuki] Do you know
how hard it was
to gather all these girls here?
How dare you interfere!
You're the one who's
behind the missing
persons cases, aren't you?
Why did you do it?
It's all so that I'll be
able to acquire immortality.
Lord Jashin loves fresh
young blood as sacrifices.
Lord Jashin? Then does
that mean you guys?
Miss Mirai. (whimpering)
You're going to take care
of a little work for me now.
(Tatsumi gasping)
(blood slurping)
(Ryuki laughs)
She's now cursed! Curse Jutsu,
body, possession, blood!
(dramatic music)
Your friend Mirai, kill her!
(body whooshing)
(Mirai gasping)
Tatsumi!
(Tatsumi grunting)
There's now a connection
between Tatsumi's body
and this puppet of mine.
Meaning that she's become a
puppet I can control at will!
Tatsumi, stop it!
Please, I don't wanna hurt you!
(dramatic music)
Can't bring yourself
to fight an opponent
that's not a shinobi?
You're weak, like
lukewarm water.
A shinobi who's reluctant
to act is utterly worthless!
(Mirai grunting)
(knife clanging)
(gasps) Tatsumi!
(laughs) I told you, this puppet
and Tatsumi are connected
by cursed blood.
Now, Tatsumi, go
and kill that woman!
-(Tatsumi moaning)
-(Mirai gasping)
Stop this! Please, Tatsumi!
-(Mirai groaning)
-(suspenseful music)
(eerie music)
(Ryuki gasping)
Master Ryuki!
What's going on?
Out of nowhere, a masked
guy with messy hair
Kakashi!
And a guy with strong features-
-(blow thudding)
-(body thudding)
And Mr. Guy, too.
(laughs) That makes five for me.
And Kakashi, you've
only gotten two.
Wait, this is a contest?
Damn right, it is!
We're rivals because
we always compete.
All right! Well, guess
I'd better get serious.
(dramatic music)
-(weapon whooshing)
-(Ryuki groaning)
Aren't you a little too old
to be playing with dolls?
(Tatsumi gasping)
The jutsu's released!
(weapon clattering)
Say your prayers.
(Ryuki groaning)
(weapon clanking)
Give me that. (groaning)
(girl gasping)
(glass crashing)
(fluid hissing)
(Mirai gasping)
Mirai, over there!
I'll leave this to you!
(footsteps tapping)
[Ryuki] Do you know where
we are, Mirai Sarutobi?
This is the sacred ritual room.
Here, in exchange for blood
from human sacrifices,
I'll be granted
immortality by Lord Jashin.
-(weapons whooshing)
-(Mirai gasping)
That was close! (chuckling)
Careful!
If I get even a drop
of blood from you,
you'll be cursed like Tatsumi.
So, who is Hidan to you, anyway?
Say his name with respect.
Master Hidan is a Jashin hero!
And I am the man who's worthy
of inheriting all
his accomplishments.
You really think this'll
go as you planned?
Of course!
Just the fact that you
showed up here is a sign.
(weapons whooshing)
(Mirai grunting)
I'm going to kill you right
here and now, daughter of Asuma.
And live up to my name
as the true second
coming of Master Hidan.
Fate has guided me.
I'm grateful to
you, Lord Jashin.
After I acquire my immortality,
I'll return the Way
of Jashin to glory.
I curse having been born
into such a mundane
era as this one.
If I had lived in the
same time as Master Hidan,
I would've stood
shoulder-to-shoulder with him.
But this current age that
we're in, this era is garbage!
It's just something
tacked on to the end
of a truly glorious age.
There's nothing of
value to it at all.
There's just no way that
catching petty bad guys
like that is going to allow us
to surpass the
previous generation.
It's just, in an age
of peace like this,
I wonder what point continuing
to be a shinobi serves?
He's just like me! (gasps)
-(weapons clanging)
-(Mirai groaning)
I've gotcha! (groaning)
-(sword clanging)
-(blood spurting)
(Mirai gasping)
(lick slurping)
Now you've been cursed, as well!
Curse Jutsu, body,
possession, blood.
(dramatic music)
(knife clattering)
Hear me, Lord Jashin.
I now offer up a
sacrifice to you.
Since she's Asuma's daughter,
she's worth a hundred
more common people!
And don't forget the reward
that I've been promised
for doing this.
(spear clanging)
Now I, too, will
become a legend.
(flesh squelching)
(Mirai groaning)
(Mirai coughing)
-(blood trickling)
-(mysterious music)
(dramatic music)
I did it!
I've actually killed
Asuma Sarutobi's daughter!
Ooh, now I'm feeling
a surge of power.
Is this the power of
immortality? It's splendid!
Next, I'll take care
of the other intruders
with this sickle.
Huh?
(bright mystical music)
What's going on here?
[Mirai] Wow, you're definitely
the gullible type, aren't you?
(dramatic music)
(wheels rattling)
Hey, Kakashi, is he?
Sh!
Genjutsu?
But I could've sworn
that I tasted blood.
You sure it wasn't
the iron-rich water
from the hot springs?
-(water splashing)
-(dramatic music)
No way! It can't be!
I'm the second coming
of Master Hidan.
You know, it's time
to face reality.
I get it!
This scene unfolding now
is nothing but genjutsu.
Just give it up.
You can't fool me.
The body that I possess
has become immortal!
And now, I'll prove it to you.
Do you wanna die?
I am immortal!
Now die, Mirai Sarutobi!
(dramatic music)
(electricity sizzling)
(wind whooshing)
(Kakashi gasping)
Wind Style, whirlwind fist.
-(dramatic music)
-(wind whooshing)
(Ryuki groaning)
-(Ryuki grunting)
-(blood spurting)
Did you see that?
Yeah, very impressive.
(gasps) I have become immortal.
I have truly become
immortal now! (laughing)
(Tatsumi groans)
[Tatsumi] Miss Mirai?
Oh, thank goodness, you're okay.
Um, I-
A weird jutsu made
you see illusions.
That's all it was.
So, it was all just a lie
intended to lure us here?
And I actually
believed that I was
finally gonna be able
to meet my dad.
That no-good lyin' bastard!
(Tatsumi giggles)
But still, I'm glad that
no one became a victim.
And that's all because
you asked me
to come along with
you, so thanks!
What are you gonna do now?
I think I'll go back home
and try my best to
build a life there.
But I have so many
memories of my mom.
It won't be easy.
You know, having those
memories doesn't have
to be a bad thing.
I'm hopeless, aren't I?
All I can really think
about now are the times
I spent with my mom.
You think there's anything
for me to look forward to?
[Mirai] Of course!
Huh?
Not just for you,
but for everyone.
Memories of your loved
ones are beautiful, sure.
But at the end of the day,
what's important
isn't the past, but-
Oh! The future?
You got it.
-(both giggling)
-(gentle music)
[Kakashi] Well, I guess
that's case closed, huh?
Yeah, thank goodness.
But still, if there
were a hot spring
that could heal
your leg, then I'd-
Come on, are you still
worried about me?
You know it's been
over 10 years.
(inhaling) Kakashi,
it's all okay.
I'm alive, I get to talk to you.
And in the end, that's
really all that matters.
I mean, (chuckles) who
cares about a leg or two
in the grand scheme
of things, right?
And besides, it's
because of that
I always get to have you
right here by my side.
What more can I ask
for? Not a thing.
(gentle music)
The king we swore to
protect has been passed
into the hands of
the next generation.
And I think the
future's full of hope.
You and I have
been through a lot
over the years, haven't we?
Y'know, Kakashi both as
Hokage and as a person,
you've given your
all to the Village.
And I'm glad I was by your
side through all of it.
Thank you, Guy.
-(birds chirping)
-(gentle music)
Miss Mirai, thank you.
Don't get fooled by
any more weirdos, okay?
Speaking of getting fooled,
the jutsu that guy
Ryuki had been using
was his own creation,
one that he adapted from
a common type of jutsu.
So you're saying it was
different than Hidan's jutsu?
Well, according to
a member of his sect
he imitated several ceremonies
based on Jashin documents
that he just happened
to stumble upon.
And who knows for sure
if those documents were
actually genuine or not?
Anyway, the entire story
sounds incredibly sketchy.
-(wheels rattling)
-(footsteps tapping)
I have to say, all of
this seems like too much
of a coincidence, though.
To find a serious
situation on a trip
that I just happened to go on?
[Kakashi] It's no coincidence.
Huh?
You see, right from
the very beginning,
our entire goal was actually
to investigate the case
of the girls who'd gone missing.
What?
In other words
we were working alongside
the Land of Steam
and we asked Kiba,
Tenten and Choji
to go undercover as tourists
to help us gather intel about
what was really going on.
What?
[Kakashi] Although,
I have to say
someone was having entirely
too much fun collecting intel.
You should've told me
all of this right from
the very beginning!
To be fair, our mission was
to conduct the investigation.
Your mission was to guard us.
Besides, if we actually
told you the truth
then your eyes would've
been like a predator's,
hunting for prey, trying
to find clues all the time.
I wouldn't have done that!
Yeah, I would've.
(upbeat music)
[Kakashi] Jashin doesn't
have many followers anymore.
Who would've guessed
that one of them
would have been behind all this?
Hey, hold on.
I've noticed that you're
telling me every minute detail
as we're heading back home.
Are you trying to get me
to write the report
about this mission?
Busted.
I'm looking forward to
reading your youthful report.
I knew it!
-Mirai!
-Huh?
Boruto!
So, how'd it go? Your big
mission with Lord Sixth?
Hm, well, let me see here.
(chuckle) You said that it
was a super important mission
even beyond S-rank, didn't you?
Don't tell me you were
really just guarding
them on a relaxing vacation?
Well, all we did was crush
a new Way of Jashin sect
and solve the case of a
bunch of missing girls.
So nothing big.
(eyes ringing)
Seriously?
(birds chirping)
Hm, like I told you,
the silver general
is not allowed
to move sideways like that!
Oh, uh, is that really true?
Sensei, the king that
shinobi have to protect,
I think that I know the answer.
Oh, yeah?
That's great to hear. So?
Frankly, until recently, I
could be way too overzealous.
I just wasn't flexible enough.
All the same,
I believe that
straightforwardness
is one of your strengths.
(pieces clicking)
But still, after encountering
Ryuki, it dawned on me.
I came to realize that
there just isn't any point
in dwelling on the
greatness of the past.
So I decided to
focus on the future
and felt a weight
lift off my shoulders.
(pieces clicking)
What we shinobi are supposed
to protect is the future,
all the children
living in the villages.
That doesn't change,
no matter what the era.
Which means, that the king is
(pieces clicking)
the future a shinobi protects.
Right?
You're correct!
All right!
And that is the reason why-
Huh?
Asuma named you
Mirai, for future.
Oh, I see.
It's just as I thought.
I had a feeling you
didn't pick up on that.
Well, I kinda did!
But it's like that saying,
"It's hard to see what's
right under your nose!"
You know what I'm talking about?
Also you just lost big time.
Huh? (groans)
(upbeat music)
(Mirai groans)
(knife clicking)
Kurenai Sarutobi's and
Asuma Sarutobi's daughter.
My name is
(knife clanking)
Mirai Sarutobi!
(Ending Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(dramatic music)
So, what's your decision?
Hey, come on!
You think this is something
I can that decide easily?
[Shikamaru] I've
been getting pestered
by a lot of departments.
If you don't decide soon,
you're gonna get yelled at!
[Naruto] Yeah, I
know all of that!
But it's really difficult
to pick just one person!
[Shikamaru] I'll
help you out, okay?
[Naruto] Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,"
"The Chunin
Selection Conference"
So, who do we promote to chunin?
(Ending Theme Music)